bugfix/too-many-partitions (#165)
fivetran/dbt_zendesk: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_zendesk v0.17.0

## Breaking Changes (Full refresh required after upgrading)

> - Incremental models have had the `partition_by` logic adjusted to include a granularity of a month. This change should only impact BigQuery warehouses and was applied to avoid the common `too many partitions` error some users have experienced do to over partitioning by day. Therefore, adjusting the partition to a month granularity will increase the partition windows and allow for more performant querying and incremental loads. This change was applied to the following models:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Incremental models running on BigQuery have had the `partition_by` logic adjusted to include a granularity of a month. This change only impacts BigQuery warehouses and was applied to avoid the common `too many partitions` error some users have experienced when partitioning by day. Therefore, adjusting the partition to a month granularity will decrease the number of partitions created and allow for more performant querying and incremental loads. This change was applied to the following models:
```
Just a suggestion in wording here. I thought we should emphasize that the number of partitions is decreased since the error is that there were too many.
